Solaris::DeviceTree
===================


WHAT IS IT

The "Solaris::DeviceTree" module implements access to the
Solaris device information. The information is collected
from the kernel via access to "libdevinfo", the contents of
the file "/etc/path_to_inst" and the filesystem entries
below "/dev" and "/devices". The devicetree is presented as
a hierarchical collection of nodes. Each node contains the
unified information from all available resources.

A script for devicetree inspection (devtree) is included.
Just call 'devtree' without arguments or look at the
manpage for details.

Please note that the quality of the code is still experimental.
Do not hesitate to contact me at

  dam@baltic-online.de

about flaws, the API or other improvements.


INSTALLATION

To install this module type the following:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

This compiles the native interfaces and installs the library
and the devtree binary. To rebuild the C files from the SWIG
you can issue the command

  bootstrap

Of course you need SWIG for that. I used 1.3.19, older
versions may not work due to some template improvements.


DEPENDENCIES

Nothing particular. As the module uses native libraries only
available in Solaris I guess it depends on that...


IMPLEMENTATION NOTES

The binding to the native library is accomplished with SWIG.


COPYRIGHT AND DISCLAIMER

This program is Copyright 2003 by Dagobert Michelsen.  This
program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the Perl Artistic License or
the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

If you do not have a copy of the GNU General Public License
write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave,
Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

